[DXP-453] Multi-tenancy validation automation (#43)
streamx-dev/streamx-chart: README.md

The size of the volumes can be configured via `data.repositorySize` and `data.metadataSize` values on the Delivery Service level.

#### Environment variables
Every delivery service container gets the following environment variables:
- `PULSAR_SERVICE_URL` - Apache Pulsar Broker Service URL
- `PULSAR_WEB_SERVICE_URL` - Apache Pulsar REST API URL

### Liveness, Readiness and Startup Probes
By default, each type of services has all probes enabled. You can disable them by setting `enabled` to `false` in the `probes` object for the corresponding service. Additionally, each probe can be configured separately. See the unit tests for reference.

## Multi-tenancy

> This feature is available only for `Apache Pulsar` messaging system.

> StreamX supports multi-tenancy. We recommend to create a separate namespace for each tenant. The namespace is used to isolate the services and their data. The tenant is configured via `tenant` value. The default value is the release name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
StreamX supports multi-tenant deployments with Apache Pulsar multi-tenancy feature. We recommend to create a separate Kubernetes namespace for each tenant to isolate its services and data. 
To configure the tenant directly, use the `tenant` property value, otherwise it will default to the chart's release name.
```

#### Tenant initialization

When the `messaging.pulsar.initTenant.enabled` is set to `true`, the chart will create a `Job` that initializes the tenant. The tenant initialization includes both Apache Pulsar tenant and namespaces configuration. The tenant initialization is done only once, and it is not idempotent (the automatic update of the tenant configuration is not supported OOTB, manual intervention is required). See the local development section for the example of a single tenant initialization.

To customise tenant initialization, you can:
- set `messaging.pulsar.initTenant.enabled` to `false` and initialize the tenant manually,
- configure custom `pulsar-init` container image via `messaging.pulsar.initTenant.customImage` value.

> #### Multi-tenant installation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Multi-tenant installation
```

> Apache Pulsar supports multi-tenancy, and StreamX supports it as well. We recommend to create a separate namespace for each tenant. Then, the tenant initialization has to be performed in each tenant's namespace (for each tenant). It guarantees that the tenant's data is isolated from other tenants at both the Kubernetes and Apache Pulsar levels (even a single Apache Pulsar installation is used).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tenant initialization has to be performed for each tenant. The tenant's data is isolated from other tenants at both the Kubernetes and Apache Pulsar levels (even when a single Apache Pulsar installation is used).
```

1. Create secret for Rest Ingrestion Auth:
   ```bash

>    kubectl create namespace tenant-1 || true

Reviewer: I think we should keep `streamx` here.

>    kubectl create namespace tenant-1 || true

Reviewer: I would like to see some documentation on installing StreamX in multi tenants.
